test-case: manual: add regression test case for linux#1762 (#131)
thesofproject/sof-test: test-case/manual/check-fail-no-tplg.md

# No sof tplg test

> Ensure system not hang when missing sof-tplg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The missing SOF tplg test is a regression test based on a sof_probe function failure documented in [linux#1762](https://github.com/thesofproject/linux/issues/1762) and is part of a series of manual tests associated with regression-linux1762-system-hand-when-sof-probe-fail.md.
```

# Preconditions
PulseAudio should be enabled

# Test Description

> * Remove sof-tplg file to let sof probe fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check system does not hang when expected SOF tplg is missing by renaming the tplg directory and letting sof_probe functions fail
```

> ## Test Case:

Reviewer: Same question here again --- do you intend for the manual test to be executed twice or are you testing two similar but slightly different cases? If its just one case executed twice, lets remove the duplication of instructions and just say to run it twice. If its two slightly different cases, lets draw attention to that and make that clearer.

- Instructions 1-5 / Case 1:
  - system is on
  - rename sof-tplg dir
  - reboot
  - check that missing sof-tplg error is in dmesg
  - test s/r cycle
  - restore sof-tplg dir
  - reboot
  - sof-tplg loads properly
<br></br>
- Instructions 6-8 / Case 2 (same as case 1, just no reboot immediately after sof-tplg dir is renamed): 
  - system is on
  - rename sof-tplg dir
  - ~reboot~
  - check that missing sof-tplg error is reported in dmesg
  - test s/r cycle
  - restore sof-tplg dir
  - reboot
  - sof-tplg loads properly

> 1. Remove sof-tplg file, via "sudo mv /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg_backup"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rename sof-tplg directory, via `sudo mv /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg_backup`
```

> 2. Reboot system -> Ensure sytem not hang and report missing sof-tplg error in dmesg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Reboot system -> System should not hang after bootup and missing sof-tplg error is reported in dmesg

```

> 3. Let system enter suspend then wakeup, via "sudo rtcwake -m mem -s 10" -> Ensure system not hang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Let system enter suspend then wakeup, via `sudo rtcwake -m mem -s 10` -> System should not hang during or after suspend / resume cycle
```

> 4. Restore sof-tplg file, via "sudo mv /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg_backup /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restore sof-tplg directory, via `sudo mv /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg_backup /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg`
```

> 5. Reboot system -> sof is loaded sucessfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Reboot system -> SOF should be loaded successfully
```

> 6. Remove sof-tplg file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Rename sof-tplg directory, via `sudo mv /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg_backup`
```

> 7. "sudo rtcwake -m mem -s 10" -> Ensure system not hang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Let system enter suspend then wakeup, via `sudo rtcwake -m mem -s 10` -> System should not hang during or after suspend / resume cycle
```

> 8. Restore sof-tplg file and reboot -> sof is loaded sucessfully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Restore sof-tplg directory, via `sudo mv /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg_backup /lib/firmware/intel/sof-tplg`
9. Reboot system -> SOF should be loaded successfully
```

## Expected results

> * System should not hang when missing sof-tplg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* System should not hang when expected SOF tplg is missing
```
